# Instances and results of the experiments in Wang et al. (2025)
### Full reference: Sunkanghong Wang, Runqin Wang, Hao Zhang, Fengshi Jing, Qiang Liu and Lijun Wei. (2025). A Goal-Driven Iterated Local Search Approach Based on the Maximal-Space Based Heuristic for the Circle Bin Packing Problem with Rectangular Items. Under revision.

This repository hosts the files backing up the data and experimental results described in our paper ``A Goal-Driven Iterated Local Search Approach Based on the Maximal-Space Based Heuristic for the Circle Bin Packing Problem with Rectangular Items`` referenced above. The paper is now under revision. A link to it will be provided as soon as possible.

If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to **[villagerwei@gdut.edu.cn](mailto:villagerwei@gdut.edu.cn)** or **[wskh0929@gmail.com](mailto:wskh0929@gmail.com)**

## Structure

The main structure of this repository is displayed in a tree shape as follows.

```shell
+---code_SA
|   \---SA_For_CBPP_RI_2023
|       +---.idea
|       +---src
|       |   \---main
|       |       +---java
|       |       |   \---com
|       |       |       \---wskh
|       |       |           +---classes
|       |       |           +---run
|       |       |           |   \---multi_bin
|       |       |           +---solvers
|       |       |           |   \---multi_bin
|       |       |           \---utils
|       |       \---resources
|       \---target
|           +---classes
|           |   \---com
|           |       \---wskh
|           |           +---classes
|           |           +---run
|           |           |   \---multi_bin
|           |           +---solvers
|           |           |   \---multi_bin
|           |           \---utils
|           +---generated-sources
|           |   \---annotations
|           +---generated-test-sources
|           |   \---test-annotations
|           \---test-classes
+---instances
|   +---existing
|   \---new
\---results
    +---CBPP-RI
    |   +---Cplex
    |   +---GDILS
    |   \---SA
    \---SCPP-RI
        +---max_area
        \---max_num
```

## Code_SA

In the **`code_SA`** folder, you will find the source code of the simulated annealing (SA) algorithm we implemented from **[Tole et al. (2023)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cie.2023.109004)**.

## Instances

The instances in the **``instances/existing``** folder are existing instances created by **[López and Beasley (2018)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0305054818300509)** and **[Bouzid and
Salhi (2020)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0377221720302149)**. The instances in the **``instances/new``** folder is newly dataset generated by us.

## Results

Folders **``results/CBPP-RI``** and **``results/SCPP-RI``** provide detailed results obtained by the GDILS for solving CBPP-RI and SCPP-RI, respectively. We have mentioned below something about the meaning of some columns in **``csv``** files:

- **Instance**: the name of a instance;
- **R**: the radius of circular container;
- **A**: the area of circular container;
- **A'**: the reduced area of circular container;
- **n**: the number of items;
- **RotateEnable**: the flag indicating whether the item can be rotated (F: cannot be rotated, R: can be rotated);
- **Opt**: the flag of whether the solution for the instance is optimal (0: not optimal, 1: optimal);
- **Gap**: the optimality gap between $LB$ and $UB$, calculated as $(UB-LB)/UB$;
- **LB_Area**: the valid lower bound $LB_{area}$;
- **LB_MT**: the valid lower bound $LB_{mt}$;
- **LB_Area_Imp**: the valid lower bound $LB_{area}'$;
- **LB_MT_Imp**: the valid lower bound $LB_{mt}'$;
- **LB_Best**: the best lower bound, computed as $\max \{LB_{area}',LB_{mt}'\}$;
- **UB0**: the number of bins used in the initial solution;
- **UB**: the number of bins used in the best found solution;
- **lbTime**: the time it takes to calculate lower bounds (unit: seconds);
- **ub0Time**: the time it takes to find the initial solution (unit: seconds);
- **incTime**: the time it takes to find the incumbent solution (unit: seconds);
- **totalTime**: the total time spent running GDILS (unit: seconds);
